Increase required mikro-orm version to 5.8.4 (peerDependency) (#2236)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/twenty-impalas-count.md

---

> "@comet/cms-api": minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@comet/cms-api": major
```

Technically this is a breaking change, so it should be major.

Author: I was not sure, after all it's within the same mikro-orm major version.

but it doesn't make any difference as it targets next anways

---

> Increase required mikro-orm version to 5.8.4 (peerDependency)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase minimum supported version of `@mikro-orm/core`, `@mikro-orm/migrations`, and `@mikro-orm/postgresql` to v5.8.4
```
